We also have other components that we can style with bootstrap for example farms.
As with navigation and pagination most styles can be applied just by adding classes to the h.t. Mail.
We've already got the inputs containing div elements buttons and so on.
So starting with the logging farm let's add these classes not changing any of the h.t. email at all.
In the browser that's transformed the log in page.
If I log in.
The other farm we've got is the article farm in the admen section.
This file is shared between the new article and edit article pages and is in the a.p. it includes folder.
Let's add the styles to the current elements as we just did for the luggin farm.
Far check boxes and their associated labels.
We have to add different classes.
So let's add those to the category checkboxes.
And in the browser the form looks much better in the admin index.
We've got a table which doesn't have any styling yet.
Again we can style the table by adding a simple class to the table element.
So when we add that in the admin index.
The table gets the default bootstrap styling.
There are many more options for styling tables and farms but will keep it simple and just use the basics.
Bootstrap provides many components several of which I am sure would be useful in this a.m.s such as
this.
So I encourage you to try them out.
And of course all of this without having to write any C Ss at all.